#summary How to setup sdk environment for froth development and deployment to amazon

= Introduction =

In order to make web application development as painless and fast as possible, froth depends on a specific resource directory structure for both the sdk and deployment. The installer will automatically create the sdk and deployment environment for you.

= Details =

The FrothSDK installer (as of dp2r47) uses Xcode's platform system. The froth framework, cross compiler and sdk is now installed at /Developer/Platforms/Froth.platform

__Developer Preview 1 Info__

*/Developer/FrothSDK*

--Contains the froth libraries, plugins, headers and tools for froth. The froth sdk sources will automatically build libfroth.so to this path so devs can checkout and modify new revisions and use those for web application projects.--

*/Developer/Cocotron*

--Contains cocotron tools for cross-platform compiling as well as platform interfaces that contain the linux/amazon libs needed to build libfroth and webapps for linux/amazon deployment.--

--To install the cocotron tools, see http://www.cocotron.org
A platform interface for linux/amazon froth ami should be placed under...
/Developer/Cocotron/PlatformInterfaces/i386-ubuntu-linux and should include headers and lib folders.--

= Deployment Paths =

*/var/froth/apps/{deploy-config}/{name}.webApp*

Web App bundle deployment location.

*/var/froth/config/*

Application preferences and lighttpd configurations.

*/var/froth/shared/*

Public shared httpd folder for all applications installed on machine. This is accessible from http://{host}/shared

*/var/froth/data/*

Application specific file data.

For amazon amis. The /var/froth folder should be setup as a symbolic link to a mounted _Elastic Block Store_ to keep install webapps and application data persisted across ami reboots.

*/usr/froth/bin*

Contains froth workspace binaries and tools for managing applications.

*/usr/froth/lib*

Contains froth libraries and objc frameworks.